lib.types.submoduleWith: add onlyDefinesConfig parameter (#437972)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/development/option-types.section.md

        because `lib` itself is used to define `_module.args`, which
        makes using `_module.args` to define it impossible.

>     -   *`onlyDefinesConfig`* Whether definitions of this type should
>         always default to the `config` section of a module. In contrast to
>         `shorthandOnlyDefinesConfig`, this applies to all definition values,
>         including functions and paths. When a value is a function, it is invoked
>         with the same arguments as the module itself.

Author: Hmm, the original first part was indeed incorrect, thanks! What do you think about this version?
```suggestion
    -   *`onlyDefinesConfig`* Whether all module attributes are interpreted
        exclusively as `config` definitions.
        This is similar to `shorthandOnlyDefinesConfig`, but it applies to all
        option definition values, including [paths](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/latest/language/types.html#type-path) to modules and [functions](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/latest/language/types.html#type-function)
        that are invoked with module arguments.
```
